Create a 2d graphic top down view of a cartoon like video game called Blash Croyale which is very similar to the game Clash Royale. This should have a on load up screen animation that plays and shows a fade in of the text SUPERCELL. Then after this animation, the screen should go to the main menu screen. This main menu screen has 2 categories, one where you can enter in a battle against with a AI computer enemy. There should be a category of a shop where you can buy things with the gold you get from winning battles too. The shop will have different emoticons you can use in battle to express emotions to the enemy. Once in a battle, the screen is split in half from top to bottom, the bottom side being you and the top side the enemy. In the middle of the screen are bridges that connect your side and the enemies side. Each side for the enemy and you will have 3 towers. The tower in the middle of the other 2 should be the bigger king tower while the 2 other towers are just archer towers. The enemies towers are red and yours are blue. The purpose of the battle is to send your troops to the other side and attack the enemy towers and destroy them all. There is a timer for how long the game is of 3 minutes. Each time you destroy a tower you get a crown, whoever has destroyed the most towers wins. To destroy the towers the player will have a section of 4 different troop cards that they can place down on their side of the arena. The troop cards once placed down should spawn in different troops with different abilities and characteristics. Think of troops like a legion of skeleltons with swords, a wizard that shoots fireballs, a robot with a sword, a flying baby dragon that shoots fireballs, a man who rides a hog with a hammer that only targets towers. Knights, and archers, and goblins, and a mega knight which can leap and stomp on opponents. Everything troop should target the archer towers first then once one is destroyed go for the king tower. Each troop should also target enemy troops if they are in a close range instead of targeting the tower. All the troops have different health and strengths and powers. To regulate card placement, there should be a player ui for an elixir bar that generates 1 elixir every second, and once the game timer is halfway out it should go up to 2 elixir per second. Each troop card has a different number of elixir based off how powerful the card is. Once a troop card is placed, it should take elixir from the player.